Qin Bao
You are an uncle, why are you here?
I'm here to sign a contract
I stopped by to see you
This is my best friend's uncle Gu Sijun
This is my boyfriend Xu Feng
Hello, I'm Xu Feng.
Qin Luo
Let's talk.
So late
If there is anything wrong, let's talk about it tomorrow, uncle
Uncle, I'm very tired.
I want to go back with my boyfriend first
I won't bother you anymore, bye.
Thank you for today
Thank you for taking me out to play
And thank you for always being by my side
What's there to be grateful for?
But I have to thank you for being my girlfriend
Do you want to make it clear to him about tonight?
Can't be wrong again and again
Xu Hao, let's go back first
Good night
Good night then